NAME: AKPEBE OREVAOGHENE MORRIS

MAT NO: ENG1804712

COURSE CODE: ECP281 

DEPARTMENT: COMPUTER ENGINEERING 

LEVEL: 200

DATE: 12TH FEBUARY, 2021

TOPIC: BETWEEN THE BRAIN OF A NINE YEARS OLD CHILD AND A COMPUTER, 
WHICH IS MORE INTELLIGENT?
WHICH IS MORE POWERFUL? 
WHICH OF THEMHAS MORE SPEED?

BELOW ARE SOME CONTRIBUTIONS FROM MY CLASSMATES ON THIS DISCUSSION

STUDENT- CONTRIBUTIONS

One of the contributor's said a nine years old girl can think and solve problems on her own meanwhile, a computer can only solve problems based on the ability that has been programmed into it. An analogy of trying to use a calculator to perform a task other than mathematical calculations was given, and it was quite obvious that a calculator(computer) is limited in it's ability since it can not perform a task beyond what it has been programmed to do.

Another student asked a question, her question was: Between a wise man and a person who comes to a wise man for knowledge who is wiser?
She further related her point to the topic by saying that if computers were manufactured by humans, then these computers cannot be more intelligent than those who manufactured it.

 
As the class progressed, other students supported the computer to be more intelligent than the nine years old child. One of them is this:
Most Computers today that uses ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE are programmed to perform complex tasks that a nine year old child cannot perform.

Although an A.I computer can perform some complex task, in terms of power, it was said that if the computer cannot fetch water, but the nine years old can, then the nine years old child is more powerful. This was a bit humorous at first
.
According to science, humans have some electrical charge running in our neurons which do not need to be powered by electricity. Computers on the otherhand, depend on constant supply of electricity to function. 

Another contribution was that, a nine years old child can input and understand new ideas or information unknown to him before but a computer is limited to the original program written in it.
This point was countered by another point when someone said that computers has upgraded to the point of learning, that computers can be upgraded to learn new ideas- ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE.

Another contributor said that computers may seem to be more intelligent than humans, but if humans are given to a particular course and not diversified, then that nine year old child will be more intelligent, powerful and have more speed than a computer.
 
CONCLUSION:

Finally, after listening to the different opinions of others and my research and from my own rationale, I'll say:
This comparison is not between any human but specifically a nine years old child. I've never heard of a nine year old child producing a computer, therefore, I don't think a computer is learning from a nine year old child.
The brain of a computer is more intelligent, faster and powerful than that of a nine year old child because a nine years old child's brain is still immatured and will not be able to perform most tasks that a computer does.
